welcome to workstation pro tv her
program around the topic of workstations
my name is thomas küchler and me
Show them the z book 17 g2 today
the current mobile workstation series
from hp with me at the top of the display
we see the webcam here right and
on the left there are microphones for one
good stereo recordings and here in the edge
The display hides two each
were and wlan antennas on this page
and of course on the other side so
that we have a very good cover
and reception quality
however, the power switch is the
wlan an off switch and the new button
for the speakers here is the
fingerprint reader and a generous
touchpad what you get here by one
either double-click or switch off
Turning it on can also be an eye-opener
the right side of the mobile workstation
and the connections here in front is one
memory card reader next to it the audio
combo socket two usb 3.0 inputs here
is the dvd rom drive could be optional
also be ordered a blu ray and
here at the back of the vga exit a look
on the left side of the device
Here we see the security in the very back
cable slot for attaching a
kensington locks or similar
we see the theft protection
Ventilation openings for the warm exhaust air
from the cpu and the graphics card next to it
a usb 2.0 port a displayport
was abo 2 port a usb 3.0 port with
charting function so load capacity of
15 ampere charging current also in
switched off state or im
power saving mode
up here is a smart carport under
including an expresscard port as well
the back
on the right is the power connector
We use our configuration
always the 230 watt power supply that enough
performance supplies
to the device even at the highest
still be able to load requests and
on the other side is the
rj45 network connectu so up here with
The battery is installed in all ours
configurations we use the longlife
rechargeable batteries at this point
important tip from us
if you are using the device in permanent mains operation
you should use the battery
take out because the battery by it
is spared and its life itself
considerably extended and as with all
mobile workstations from hp can be
even this device is completely tool-free
just open from the back
then we have a look inside us
see here two expansion memory
Slots two more are under the
keyboard and an overall configuration
of 32 gigabytes it is possible here is that
z turbo drive used and every wlan
adapter at this point can be
optional a 3g or lte as were
install adapter
Here we see the two available
disk slots would be another
available when we expand the dvd and
a corresponding adapter frame
use
the overall configuration under
use of all slots of hard drives
would then be a size of 32 5 terabytes
enable
and now we will have another look
into the interior of this housing we have that
prepare the keyboard solved left
is the video card here
under it is the cpu we have two
Primary ram slots already available
are equipped with ram and here you can see
the coolpix of cooling system all z
books are very well processed they are
robust and reliable and accordingly
even the standards of the us military in
Stress test they have proved that
she is very resistant to extreme
temperature fluctuations humidity
falls and shaking are the z
book 17 g2 offers a lot
possibilities of individual
For example, you can use configurations
from six different graphics cards
Select models between 2 and 8 gb
ram and currently the most powerful
cpu is the 74 1940 with 3.1 gigahertz
of course, this model is also with
the latest wlan and bluetooth
technologies delivered ex factory
there is a large amount of apple
accessories for the z book series and me
have now a little docking station
brought with me something talking station
a lot of connections on the left
Let's start by looking at them
here is an audio on an audio input
an e sata entrance and here is one
drive by built in where you have one
can use another drive that
can be a dvd or blu-ray drive or
be burner but also another
hard disk then, for example, a
external backup would be possible and up
on the right side we have four usb-3s
0-interfaces and here at the front one more
security cable slot for backup
of the device against theft and on the
back of the device we even have
several options against the device
to secure theft we have here
security cable slots left and right
and we have another one here
Metal hanger where to make an extra
lock can connect
the available connections are here
ps2 mouse connection a ps 2 keyboard
connect a serial port
parallel ports a vga output
monitor support two dvi ports two
Display ports in the middle are again
two usb 2.0 interfaces
connector and the first 45 connector and
so simple it is the docking station with
to use the 17 g2
a big advantage in the use
a docking station is that one
can control external monitors with
we have a hp here in this scenario
Monitor stand with 2 24 inch displays
built up
Here you can see how fast the notebook is
with the laptop starts up and how
several displays simultaneously
be controlled
the possibilities are here
variously we now have two
external and the internal display we
can have up to four external and that
use internal display
but we can also use the internal display
turn off by closing and then until
to use six external monitors
and finally some interesting ones
information we from workstation pro
Make sure that they are exactly the same
Get the hardware for your hardware
ideally use
and hp respects in the frame wsv
Certification that the hardware
they produce one hundred percent
In addition, construction is compatible
environment used software components
the autodesk fell with catia solidworks
or similar and dead in hp
testing process, these devices will be 115,000
for hours on her robustness her
reliability tested that is
display is opened and closed
keys are pressed and the like
the book 17 g2 is particularly suitable for
high demands in engineering the
graphic design multimedia applications and
in education
hp delivers its devices by default
with a three-year cent in guarantee
out and at workstation pro you can
this to a five years on the spot
expand service
I still have the hint on our
other videos i thank you for your
attention and say goodbye